Very small changes on text of 'RESTful Statistics NApp' and 'L3 learning switch: Part 2' (#94)
kytos/documentation: tutorials/napps/restful_statistics.rst

.. code-block:: console

>   mininet> h1 ping -i 0,2 h2

Reviewer: This is a iptools locale problem not related to kytos, so it should be removed from the PR.

Reviewer: OR, you can add a note about how to run it if the user has problems with this notation

  mininet> h1 ping -i 0.2 h2

> .. note:: If by using the command above you perhaps got `ping: bad timing interval: 0.2`  as an answer from the mininet, you can solve it by just changing the notation `'0.2'` to `'0,2'` in your interval, or you can run `export LC_NUMERIC="en_US.UTF-8` in your terminal to make sure that at least locale you are using the `en_US.UTF-8` notation.

Reviewer: Did a little review on the paragraph; added missing quote from export command.
We also try to keep the 80-column limit in the documentation source whenever possible.

```suggestion
.. note:: If the command above returned `ping: bad timing interval: 0.2`, 
you can fix it by just changing the notation `'0.2'` to `'0,2'` in your
interval parameter, or you can run `export LC_NUMERIC="en_US.UTF-8"` in
the terminal just before running mininet to make sure that you are using the
English numeric notation.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: I think that part of this comment is valid, but we should not change the user env. So I would recommend removing the last sentence.

Author: I already changed it, thanks for the suggestions!

*Bps* and *pps* mean bytes per second and packets per second, respectively.
As we are sending one ping every 0.2 seconds, *pps* will be close to 5.

> In the Mininet console, hit ``ctrl+c`` and run ``h1 ping -i 0,5 h2``.

Reviewer 2: Since you have already added the note, and this is a very specific case for non en_US. IMO, it is better to keep as it was.
